README.md, before:

# devportal-content
User content for Ambassador Edge Stack Dev Portal

## How to customize

- Fork this repository.

- Update the `DEVPORTAL_CONTENT_URL` environment variable in your Ambassador Edge Stack deployment.

- Modify your fork. Note: for now it's necessary to restart ambassador to refresh the portal content. We'll fix this in the next release.

## kinds of content

Kinds of information you can put on dev portal:

| Kind               | Location                       | Preprocessing | Go templates |
|--------------------|--------------------------------|---------------|--------------|
| landing page       | `/landing.gomd`                | Markdown      | Yes          |
| page               | `/pages/`_name_`.gomd`         | Markdown      | Yes          |
| site layout        | `/layout.gohtml`               |               | Yes          |
| template fragments | `/fragments/`_name_`.gohtml`   |               | Yes          |
| CSS stylesheets    | `/styles/`                     |               | No           |
| Assets             | `/assets/`                     |               | No           |

## Golang Templating

As shown in the table above, much of the content that you are able to customize supports Golang templating. You can see examples of this in [`layout.gohtml`](./layout.gohtml).

Templating allows you to customize how pages look, create variables to use in static content throughout the site, and use control loops to display multiple kinds of content.

### Variables
These variables are available in all template-able file types
| Name                | Description                                                        | Values (example)            |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------- |
| `.Ctx`              | The current type of page being served                              | "landing", "page", or "doc" |
| `.Prefix`           | The url prefix of the current request                              | `/docs/`                    |
| `.Pages`            | List of static pages in the `pages/` directory                     | `[Content Introduction]`    |
| `.CurrentPage`      | The current page being accessed                                    | `Content`                   |
| `.CurrentNamespace` | The namespace of the service for the current OpenAPI documentation | `default`                   |
| `.CurrentService`   | The name of the service for the current OpenAPI documentation      | `quote`                     |

Commit message:

Deprecate Repo
This Repository is deprecated and users should switch the the linked v2 repo for versions of AES 1.13 and above.

README.md, after:

# devportal-content
User content for Ambassador Edge Stack Dev Portal

## THIS REPO IS DEPRECATED
As of Ambassador Edge Stack version 1.13.0 and above, this repo should no longer be used for styling your DevPortal.
The newer updated version of this Repository can be found at https://github.com/datawire/devportal-content-v2



## How to customize

- Fork this repository.

- Update the `DEVPORTAL_CONTENT_URL` environment variable in your Ambassador Edge Stack deployment.

- Modify your fork. Note: for now it's necessary to restart ambassador to refresh the portal content. We'll fix this in the next release.

## kinds of content

Kinds of information you can put on dev portal:

| Kind               | Location                       | Preprocessing | Go templates |
|--------------------|--------------------------------|---------------|--------------|
| landing page       | `/landing.gomd`                | Markdown      | Yes          |
| page               | `/pages/`_name_`.gomd`         | Markdown      | Yes          |
| site layout        | `/layout.gohtml`               |               | Yes          |
| template fragments | `/fragments/`_name_`.gohtml`   |               | Yes          |
| CSS stylesheets    | `/styles/`                     |               | No           |
| Assets             | `/assets/`                     |               | No           |

## Golang Templating

As shown in the table above, much of the content that you are able to customize supports Golang templating. You can see examples of this in [`layout.gohtml`](./layout.gohtml).

Templating allows you to customize how pages look, create variables to use in static content throughout the site, and use control loops to display multiple kinds of content.

### Variables
These variables are available in all template-able file types
| Name                | Description                                                        | Values (example)            |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------- |
| `.Ctx`              | The current type of page being served                              | "landing", "page", or "doc" |
| `.Prefix`           | The url prefix of the current request                              | `/docs/`                    |
| `.Pages`            | List of static pages in the `pages/` directory                     | `[Content Introduction]`    |
| `.CurrentPage`      | The current page being accessed                                    | `Content`                   |
| `.CurrentNamespace` | The namespace of the service for the current OpenAPI documentation | `default`                   |
| `.CurrentService`   | The name of the service for the current OpenAPI documentation      | `quote`                     |
